c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.pdb
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.pdb
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\obj\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\obj\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.dll
c:\users\damsa.rcortes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\obj\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.pdb
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\obj\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\obj\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.dll
C:\Users\damsa.rcortes\Documents\GitHub\Login\AccesoBolsaTrabajo\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests\obj\Debug\AccesoBolsaTrabajo.Tests.pdb
